description:: story ideas to be sorted through later

- Somebody is wishing for the one piece. Cant believe i didnt think of that sooner. Thats a complete oversight on my part lmao
- Wgat if sabo has to use a command spell to make ace run away from a fight w roger. Fuckin BETRAYAL
  collapsed:: true
	- “Id rather die than run from him,” ace snarls
	- “Youre already dead,” sabo replies, “and id rather die than lose you again for such a stupid reason”
	- “I dont care. Never make me do that again”
	- “I cant make that promise. Not if it means saving your life.”
	- Ace rings a hollow laugh. “Its like you said, right? Im already dead. I dont have a life to save. You dont get to *keep* me, master. Or have you already forgotten that?”
	- Sabos gut clenches at the use of the title.
		- This wasnt right. It was one thing to summon the ghost of a long-dead hero to fight and die for his cause, but to ask the same thing of his friend, his brother, his inspiration and the forebear of his power? To ask it of ace, the man who set sabo free and taught him how to dream? It wasnt right.
	- “Fine then,” he finally says. “As long as you dont make me.”
- What if ace was summoned pre-top surgery and has a huge rack
  collapsed:: true
	- obviously hes transgender. the question is *how*
	- I think tits with trans tape
		- "The people who remember me remember all that it took to get me to this point in my life"
		- its not that he's not done cooking, it's that he still has further to go
	- zane thinks either hes summoned with a huge rack or with dick and balls
	- ariel says masc body
		- for narrative commentary, go for whatever body type he wouldve had
		- if youre going for differences between real life and stories, go masc body
	- Warning: do not be transmisogynistic abt this
	- Tbh i think im going wish fresh scars from Foosha. Prominent, not done healing yet.
		- Ariel had a point abt what i could achieve by keeping him in a binder that top surgery scars wouldnt also achieve
		- Im still thinking abt it
- LATER Go back and point relationship pages to freak dynamica pages etc etc
- [[Stelly]]
	- Tbh i have been thinking abt this guy SO MUCB. Hes have the WORST TIME in this grail war
	- I wonder what hed think about being on the other of the battlefield against Sabo. Hed be scared shitless
		- Does he measure up to the boy he was meant to replace? No!
		- Does he measure up to the queen he summoned for battle? Also no!
		- Does he measure up to literally any other master in this grail war? Absolutely not!
	- Oh shit he’d definitely try to ally with Saint Jalmack wouldn’t he. Oooohhhh that slimy little fucker
		- Yeah no hes allying with Saint Jalmack 100%. SPOILER ALERT: ENDS BAD
		- New freak dynamic unlocked: King Stelly and the Celestial Dragon who shot his adopted brother in the face
			- Stelly: acting like an ass-kisser advisor  and saying shit like “very wise decision, my liege”
			- Jalmack: does not give two fucks. “bark like a dog. your below me moron”
		- Ooohhhhh Jalmack is 100% going to try to get Stelly to swap servants with him
			- Otohime is not for it. She doesn’t like the idea at all. Stelly is her master!
			- Jalmack: im taking the archer servant because i want her and you can take my shitass assassin. Youre both total weenies so its perfect
				- Stelly: uhm. I dont. I dont know how to do that
				- Noland: were it not for the laws of the command seals i wouldve killed my master i swear to fucking god
					- I gotta read back up on this guy. I remember him being chill as hell, but a Celestial Dragon is. A lot.
	- Otohime starts out being openminded about this alliance. She does not stay that way for long
		- Otohime and Noland are giving each other longsuffering sidelong glances every time their masters get up to some fuck shit
	- Oh my god right stelly has a wife. EMOTIONAL LEVERAGE YEEHAW BABEYYY
		- LAST TIME PEOPLE BROUGHT SIGNIFICANT OTHERS TO HOLY GRAIL WARS THEY WERE USED AS HOSTAGES
	- Other freak dynamics!!! :D theyve got opinions abt each other teehee
		- Otohime and Stelly
			- Fr i think she gets through to him and inspires him to be a better man and a better king. Not due to any extra effort on her part (she will not be mothering or nannying this guy), but because she treats him like a normal person and is kind to him. Has anyone ever been kind to stelly? Truly kind, with no strings attached? My guess is no. Otohime is the first
			- He is absolutely going to fuck her over tho. Bc hes a slimy little weasel and a bigot about fishmen
			- Someone shows him genuine care and empathy for the first time in his life and hes like “ABORT ABORT ABORT” and sabotages the relationship bc CLEARLY they must want something from him and theyre being sneaky about it
				- What can i say, Outlook and Didit ruined this guy’s fucking life emotionally speaking
		- Noland and Otohime
			- “Youre the only motherfucker in this city who can handle me”
		- Noland and Stelly
			- Fuckign, theyre giving each other nervous glances. They really dont want to be paired up
		- Jalmack and Stelly
		- Jalmack and Noland
		- Jalmack and Otohime