description:: story ideas to be sorted through later

- Somebody is wishing for the one piece. Cant believe i didnt think of that sooner. Thats a complete oversight on my part lmao
- Wgat if sabo has to use a command spell to make ace run away from a fight w roger. Fuckin BETRAYAL
	- “Id rather die than run from him,” ace snarls
	- “Youre already dead,” sabo replies, “and id rather die than lose you again for such a stupid reason”
	- “I dont care. Never make me do that again”
	- “I cant make that promise. Not if it means saving your life.”
	- Ace rings a hollow laugh. “Its like you said, right? Im already dead. I dont have a life to save. You dont get to *keep* me, master. Or have you already forgotten that?”
	- Sabos gut clenches at the use of the title.
		- This wasnt right. It was one thing to summon the ghost of a long-dead hero to fight and die for his cause, but to ask the same thing of his friend, his brother, his inspiration and the forebear of his power? To ask it of ace, the man who set sabo free and taught him how to dream? It wasnt right.
	- “Fine then,” he finally says. “As long as you dont make me.”
- What if ace was summoned pre-top surgery and has a huge rack
	- obviously hes transgender. the question is *how*
	- I think tits with trans tape
		- "The people who remember me remember all that it took to get me to this point in my life"
		- its not that he's not done cooking, it's that he still has further to go
	- zane thinks either hes summoned with a huge rack or with dick and balls
	- ariel says masc body
		- for narrative commentary, go for whatever body type he wouldve had
		- if youre going for differences between real life and stories, go masc body
	- Warning: do not be transmisogynistic abt this