description:: story ideas to be sorted through later

- Somebody is wishing for the one piece. Cant believe i didnt think of that sooner. Thats a complete oversight on my part lmao
- Wgat if sabo has to use a command spell to make ace run away from a fight w roger. Fuckin BETRAYAL #[[Freak Dynamics/MS/Sabo and Ace]]
  collapsed:: true
	- “Id rather die than run from him,” ace snarls
	- “Youre already dead,” sabo replies, “and id rather die than lose you again for such a stupid reason”
	- “I dont care. Never make me do that again”
	- “I cant make that promise. Not if it means saving your life.”
	- Ace rings a hollow laugh. “Its like you said, right? Im already dead. I dont have a life to save. You dont get to *keep* me, master. Or have you already forgotten that?”
	- Sabos gut clenches at the use of the title.
		- This wasnt right. It was one thing to summon the ghost of a long-dead hero to fight and die for his cause, but to ask the same thing of his friend, his brother, his inspiration and the forebear of his power? To ask it of ace, the man who set sabo free and taught him how to dream? It wasnt right.
	- “Fine then,” he finally says. “As long as you dont make me.”
- What if ace was summoned pre-top surgery and has a huge rack
  collapsed:: true
	- obviously hes transgender. the question is *how*
	- I think tits with trans tape
		- "The people who remember me remember all that it took to get me to this point in my life"
		- its not that he's not done cooking, it's that he still has further to go
	- zane thinks either hes summoned with a huge rack or with dick and balls
	- ariel says masc body
		- for narrative commentary, go for whatever body type he wouldve had
		- if youre going for differences between real life and stories, go masc body
	- Warning: do not be transmisogynistic abt this
	- Tbh i think im going with fresh scars from Foosha. Prominent, not done healing yet.
		- Ariel had a point abt what i could achieve by keeping him in a binder that top surgery scars wouldnt also achieve
		- Im still thinking abt it
- I dont really have an overseer for this grail war yet but. Im biased towards it being Marcus Mars. LITERALLY JUST bc i am mars and i think thatd be really funny. Thats the only reason. I know nothing else abt this shitty stupid old man except that i hate him
- [[Stelly]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Tbh i have been thinking abt this guy SO MUCB. Hes have the WORST TIME in this grail war
	- I wonder what hed think about being on the other of the battlefield against Sabo. Hed be scared shitless
		- Does he measure up to the boy he was meant to replace? No!
		- Does he measure up to the queen he summoned for battle? Also no!
		- Does he measure up to literally any other master in this grail war? Absolutely not!
	- Oh shit he’d definitely try to ally with Saint Jalmack wouldn’t he. Oooohhhh that slimy little fucker
		- Yeah no hes allying with Saint Jalmack 100%. SPOILER ALERT: ENDS BAD
		- New freak dynamic unlocked: King Stelly and the Celestial Dragon who shot his adopted brother in the face
			- Stelly: acting like an ass-kisser advisor and saying shit like “very wise decision, my liege”
			- Jalmack: does not give two fucks. “bark like a dog. your below me moron”
		- Ooohhhhh Jalmack is 100% going to try to get Stelly to swap servants with him
			- Otohime is not for it. She doesn’t like the idea at all. Stelly is her master!
			- Jalmack: im taking the archer servant because i want her and you can take my shitass assassin. Youre both total weenies so its perfect
				- Stelly: uhm. I dont. I dont know how to do that
				- Noland: were it not for the laws of the command seals i wouldve killed my master i swear to fucking god
					- I gotta read back up on this guy. I remember him being chill as hell, but a Celestial Dragon is. A lot.
	- Otohime starts out being openminded about this alliance. She does not stay that way for long
		- Otohime and Noland are giving each other longsuffering sidelong glances every time their masters get up to some fuck shit
	- Oh my god right stelly has a wife
		- EMOTIONAL LEVERAGE YEEHAW BABEYYY
		- LAST TIME PEOPLE BROUGHT SIGNIFICANT OTHERS TO HOLY GRAIL WARS THEY WERE USED BY OTHER MASTERS AS HOSTAGES LMAOOO
	- Other freak dynamics!!! :D theyve got opinions abt each other teehee
		- [[Freak Dynamics/MS/Stelly and Otohime]]
		- [[Freak Dynamics/SS/Noland and Otohime]]
		- Noland and Stelly
			- Fuckign, theyre giving each other nervous glances. They really dont want to be paired up
		- [[Freak Dynamics/MM/Jalmack and Stelly]]
		- [[Freak Dynamics/MS/Jalmack and Noland]]
		- [[Freak Dynamics/MvS/Jalmack and Otohime]]
- Not really sure how to reconcile magic/mana with the one piece world. Maybe haki? Maybe something with devil fruits? Idk
  collapsed:: true
	- Freak city likes haki as a substitute for mana so we’re goin w that
	- A servsnt is a cursed sword that eats haki
	- Could be other people’s lives/haki tbh
		- Stelly is feeding people to his servant
		- Saint jalmack is DEFINITELY feeding people to his servant
		- Lucci?? ?? Feeding people to his servant. Eat up, pirate king yum yum
	- I like the idea of smoker being a backup mana battery for tashigi
		- Yeah haki is what we’re using for magic, but i like to think having a devil fruit, esp a logia, gives you an extra boost
	- Fuck i gotta worry abt leylines also. Oh well, this will be an island adventure
		- OH FUCK DO A BUSTER CALL HELL YEAH
	- Re: the sex dragon — ace eats sabos devil fruit by having sex with him so that ace can use big ultimate flame-flame attacks
		- I do want to stick w ace being younger when summoned for my story bc the eldest brother becoming the rambunctious baby brother is kinda hot tbh. BUT. Also. I had a thought about ace eating sabo’s devil via mana transfer ritual (read: ace riding his niichan and milking him for all hes worth) and as soon as the ritual’s complete ace would get a cool video game upgrade and transform into his older self while on top of sabo
- Apparently theres a fan theory that [Lili]([[Nefertari D. Lili]]) had the Op-Op Fruit? And did the immortality surgery on Imu
	- Big if true
	- I tried looking it up and i saw the Paw-Paw Theory (for fuckin, scattering the poneglyphs or smth idk)
- [Ace’s]([[Portgas D. Ace]]) summoning on transgender island
	- Sabo rocks up to transgender island fresh from the reverie like “bad news cobras dead good news look at this grail war info that i fuckin stole lol we should do it”
	- Some kind of abandoned chapel at night, just sabo, dragon, maaaybe koala. Oh dip iva too also
	- The summoning is super intense
		- One of the stained glass window behind the circle breaks and lets in cherry blossom petals and the moonlight
		- Sabo is drained of a lot of haki and hes kind of in shock. He falls to his knees
			- Sabo cums lol
		- Teen Lancer Ace is standing there in the center of the summoning circle, arrogant and cocksure of himself. Cherry blossom petals float past his moonlit face as he stares down at sabo. Recognition should light his eyes, but Sabo can only see the moon. “I ask of you,” Lancer says with a confident, teasing grin, “are you my master?”
		- Nobody says anything for a really long moment. Silence breaks the chapel, then Koala breathes life back into it by saying the one name on everybody’s lips. “Ace?”
			- “Ace-boy…” Iva says, voice barely a whisper. They remember the war that took this man’s life.
			- Dragon says nothing.
		- Ace nods. “That’s me. You’re not my master, though.” He appraises her, glancing down at her hand to check for command spells, then nodding in satisfaction when he finds none.
		- “I am,” Sabo finally finds voice to answer. Koala helps him up. Sabo dusts himself off, then holds a hand out to greet his servant. He barely keeps it from shaking. “And you’re my servant?”
		- “Got it in one.” He takes Sabo’s hand, the one proffered with command spells. “Lancer Class. Portgas D. Ace. Though it looks like you already knew that.” He looks over Sabo’s shoulder at Koala, who is doing an even worse job of keeping it together than Sabo is. That’s not saying much — Sabo’s poker face is renowned across the revolutionary army
		- Insert joke abt sabo never giving ace hiss name but everyone calls him “chief” so ace asks “what do i call you? Master? Chief? Master chief?” To which sabo says “never call me master chief again”
			- Master chief / nighthawk joke from stepbrothers movie (from Riv)