description:: unedited text from my notes app
tags:: notes
title:: Reference Text

	- This is unedited. For better or for worse this is unedited. I haven't even moved anything around or anything
- # Fate/Free Reign
	- Grand Line Holy Grail War
	- Fate/free reign bc like. Its a pun on how the phrase free rein means having unrestricted freedom, and freedom is *the* major theme throughout the entirety of one piece, and then reign like the reign of a ~~pirate~~ king
- ## Premise
	- This is hilarious actually bc a holy grail war is so antithetical to One Piece as a whole. The straw hats wouldn’t get involved in it at all if they could help it, because using the holy grail as a shortcut would render luffy’s journey towards becoming king of the pirates absolutely meaningless. Luffy refuses to take shortcuts, and his crew by extension refuses them as well. The only reason why the straw hats would get caught up in a holy grail war would be to help an accidentally summoned servant or a masterless servant fulfill their own wish. Then Luffy would be on board no questions asked. He wouldn’t want to make a contract with them, though. Someone else would have to do that.
	- Now, Luffy is an outlier here with that kind of attitude, but he is the protagonist and his ideals rub off on the people he meets. A lot of characters would turn down the holy grail’s mana reservoir for similar reasons as him. That leaves the characters who are conniving, power hungry, and willing to use whatever shortcuts or strategies available to achieve their dreams. The issue there is figuring out who amongst those would: a) not be dead or in jail, b) know about the holy grail war ahead of time, and c) have the resources to pull off a summoning. #Masters
	- Aside from the masters are the [servants]([[Servants]]) themselves. One Piece has a lot of history and folk lore, but a lot of that history is either very recent (with the people involved still being alive) or far enough back that names have been lost. Its really cool and extremely frustrating for my specific purposes. Also, I haven’t actually caught up on everything yet so I’m still missing some context. Anyway.
	- Nobody in this war is going to have a good time. Im going to make sure of it :)
	- Note to self: dial up the horny by a lot. We can’t be having loony tunes roadrunner sex here. We might be able to get away with
- ## Lore Area
	- Why does the grail exist? Well you see the [council of elders]([[The Five Elders]]) want to reach the root, same as rhe mages association in fsn. But they dont intend on letting anyone win. They want the servants to fight to the death to feed the mana reservoir up to the point they can reach the root. The more holy grail wars occur the more mana is stored up in the grail until they get their wish. But until then no ones getting wishes. Its all a set up you see but nobody knows that except the five elders.
	- So like the [celestial dragons]([[Celestial Dragons]]) run this thing but they only throw one or two master candidates in bc they dont want to waste celestial dragon lives. Thats what [the marines]([[The Marines]]) are for tbh. Meanwhile the marines dont knoe this. Fheyre gonna use the grail to end the great pirate era
	- This is a [celestial dragon]([[Celestial Dragon]]) thing. The holy grail war is a celestial dragon thing that only a select few know about. Even morgans isnt allowed to report it. This is a secret celestial dragon blood ritual its pretty fucking secret my guy. Maybe nobles know abt it too idk. Probably just the nobles who attend the reverie. So how would the non-nobility masters know? Think abt that
		- [sabo]([[Sabo]]) bc espionage reasons
		- [[Law]] bc he heard from doflamingo or cora
		- [[Blackbeard]] bc why not. Hes a dick
- ## Scene Ideas
  collapsed:: true
	- Fight scene with [[Ace]] and [[Roger]] vs [[Xebec]]
		- mimics the foght between roger and garp vs xebec when they were alive
		- This fight is ace and roger reconciling and naking peace long enough to defeat xebec, then theyll fight each other and roger loses on purpose and its a whole thing /pos
		- This fight also requires the two masters to work together which means either sabo agrees to ally with lucci/cp0 to defeat blackbeard or he allies with tashigi. Both have implications
		- Roger cant defeat xebec on his own. He needs ace to help him and tells him as such. But with aces help they turn the tide and defeat xebec and maybe roger dies in the fight actually. Dies taking a blow for ace and allows ace to finish that fight
		- Either way this is like the last big fight in the war. Its the deciding factor
	- I think [xebec]([[Xebec]]) is conspiring to kill [blackbeard]([[Blackbeard]]) behind his back
		- maybe even blackbeard tels xebec tk kill himself by command spell
		- Maybe xebec is manipulating events so blackbeard has fo use command spells so that he can be free of blackbeard and fucking kill him and take the grail for humself
	- [[Sabo]] and [law]([[Law]]) talking
		- law is like “hey sabo-ya are you gonna tell straw hat-ya that youve summoned his dead brother to be your servant in a magical death match”
		- Sabos like “nah. And neither will you (threat)”
		- Law is like “yeah okay fair enough” but theyre both really tense and cryptic abt it
	- WHOS GONNA MAKE THEIR SERVANTS KILL THEMSELVES
- ## Master/Servant Rosters
	- ### [[Master Factions]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- [[The World Government]]
			- [[The Five Elders]] and Im
			- The [[Celestial Dragons]]
				- In this case, an individual Dragon rather than them as a group
				- Ex: Saint Charloss or whoever
		- The Marines
		- The Revolutionary Army
		- [[Pirates]]
			- One of the [[Four Emperors]]
				- Blackbeard
				- Shanks
				- A remnant of Big Mom or Kaido
			- A member of the Cross Guild
			- A former Warlord of the Sea
			- One or more of the [[Worst Generation]]
			- Some other pirate captain or a member of their crew
		- Island [[Royalty]] / Leaders
			- The Nefertaris of Alabasta, the Rikus in Dressrosa, etc
			- Royalty from the Ryugu Kingdom, Sakura Kingdom, Germa 66, etc
		- [[Civilians]]
			- Bounty Hunters
			- Normal people living their lives in one of the blues, on the grand line, or on a sky island like Skypiea or Weatheria
	- ### Master Candidates
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### [[The World Government]]
			- An agent of [[Cipher Pol 0]], representing the interests of Im and [[The Five Elders]]
				- Probably [[Rob Lucci]] or Spandam tbh
					- I don’t know if Lucci has goals or ambitions of his own. I think he does but I don’t remember
					- Spandam would definitely use his wish for selfish purposes (money, power, prestige, etc)
				- Maybe the master would be Im themself…
				- Whoever it is would be suuuuuch a huge problem in the holy grail war, and whoever they summon is going to have a bad time
				- It’d be really interesting if the master sponsored by the World Government is the one who summons [[Gold Roger]]. That’d be fucking crazy
			- One random Celestial Dragon
		- #### [[The Marines]]
			- One or two high-ranking members of the Marines, fighting for either their own interests or the interests of the Marines/World Government
				- Fleet Admiral Akainu, Admiral Fujitora, etc
					- Akainu would wish for a world of absolute justice
					- Fujitora would wish to abolish the seven warlord system (already happened in canon i think) and reform the Marines
			- Maybe Koby or Helmeppo? That’d be interesting to think about
				- Koby would want to use his wish to help the Marines, but I don’t think he knows exactly what his wish would be. World peace or something idealistic like that
				- Koby is way too much like luffy to want to use the grail for his own purposes tbh
			- [[Tashigi]]
				- Started fighting for the Marines, then starts fighting for herself
			- If the World Government master doesn’t summon [[Roger]], then one of the Marines definitely does. For spice. For whimsy. For flavor
		- #### [[The Revolutionary Army]]
			- [[Sabo]] / Flame Emperor Sabo
				- Sponsored by the Revolutionary Army as their strongest fighter and the guy most likely to win a holy grail war
					- His stated wish is to abolish the [[World Government]] and the [[Celestial Dragons]] so that they can start over with a better government.
					- His secret wish is to see [[Ace]] one more time or bring him back from the dead. That isnt the wish he would make on the grail if he had the opportunity, but thats the wish that the grail responds to when he summons his servant
				- He summons Portgas D. Ace
		- #### [[Pirates]]
			- [[The Four Emperors]]
				- [[Marshall D. Teach]] or another member of the Blackbeard pirates
					- If not Blackbeard himself then probably Lafitte. He seems the type
						- Maybe former Admiral Aokiji?
					- The goal is to use the holy grail to make Blackbeard the King of the Pirates
				- One of Big Mom’s children
			- The Cross Guild
				- Buggy the Clown
					- I don’t really care what Buggy’s wish would be but the thought of him bumbling about in a holy grail war is very funny to me
					- He’d probably be one of the final two masters standing by sheer luck and coincidence, only to lose right at the very end
				- Sir Crocodile
					- He wants those ancient weapons babey. Or whatever the fuck
			- The former Warlords of the Sea
				- Donquixote Doflamingo
					- He broke out of Impel Down for this
					- He wants to become a Celestial Dragon and rule the damn world
			- [[The Worst Generation]]
				- [[Basil Hawkins]]
					- His whole thing is using occult magic. There’s no way he wouldn’t know about the holy grail war
					- Idk much about his character or anything else yet but he makes the most sense to put on this list
				- [[Trafalgar D. Law]] / The Surgeon of Death
					- I think he’d get involved and be bad at it
			- Other Pirates
				- Perona / Ghost Princess Perona
					- She loves spooky shit. She should be a master for that reason alone
					- Idk what her wish would be but she can do whatever she wants forever
				- Bartolomeo
					- Actually itd be really funny if this guy was a master. I think hed be good at it in a roundabout way
					- Secret other reason for the straw hats to get involved: this guy asked really fucking niceys
				- “Silver Fox” Foxy of the Foxy Pirates
					- I think he’d get involved and be really bad at it
					- He’d be sooo annoying as a master oh my god
		- #### Island [[Royalty]] / Leaders
			- Vinsmoke Judge
				- Fighting on behalf of Germa 66 for his dream of conquering the North Blue. He wants power, baby
				- He summons the servant and sends them off to fight with his other children (Ichiji, Niji, Yonji, and Reiju) as backup
			- [[King Stelly]]
		- #### [[Civilians]]
			- At least one random civilian
				- A character from one of the movies
				- A side character from a previous arc
				- Maybe a Sona or OC of some kind
		- #### Misc.
			- Some other bad guy from one of the One Piece movies
	- ### Servant Candidates
		- [[Portgas D. Ace]] / Fire Fist Ace
			- Class: archer, lancer, or berserker
			- Catalyst: his hat, necklace, dagger, or in Sabo’s case, devil fruit (Flame-Flame Fruit / Mera-Mera no Mi)
			- Noble Phantasm: Flame Emperor or one of his other devil fruit abilities
			- Wish: to have another chance at life
		- [[Gol D. Roger]] / Gold Roger / the Pirate King
			- Class: rider or berserker
				- Roger would be a berserker if summoned by the WG or the Marines (Kariya Matou situation where the berserker’s madness enhancement is added as a means to control him)
			- Catalyst: his sword (Ace), or a piece of wood from the Oro Jackson
			- Noble Phantasm: the Oro Jackson
			- Wish: ?
		- [[Mont Blanc Noland]] / Noland the Liar
			- Class: assassin, caster, or rider
			- Catalyst: one of the Noland the Liar book, an old article of his clothing, or his monument from the Tontotta tribe
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: to make it back to Skypiea and set things right between himself and the Shandians (but specifically with Kalgara)
		- [[Shimotsuki Ryuma]] / Legendary Samurai
			- Class: saber
			- Catalyst: his sword (Shusui)
			- Noble Phantasm: 103 Mercies
			- Wish: ?
		- Kalgara / the hero of Shandia
			- Class: archer, lancer, or assassin
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: to set things right between himself and Noland
		- Edward Newgate / Whitebeard
			- Class: lancer or rider
			- Catalyst: his jolly roger, captain’s coat, or naginata (Murakumogiri)
			- Noble Phantasm: one of his devil fruit abilities or something
			- Wish: to ensure the safety of his family after his death
		- Asura / the sword god that the Shimotsuki clan is descended from
			- Class: saber
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: ?
		- Kozuki Oden
			- Class: ?
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: to reopen the land of Wano (not sure if that has happened already in canon but whatever)
		- Tom the Shipwright
			- Class: caster or rider
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: the sea train
			- Wish: ?
		- The Going Merry / Klaubatermann
			- Class: caster or rider
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: whatever ship they represent
			- Wish: ?
		- Guy who planted the whale tree on Zou
		- Guy who built the arc on Fishman Island
		- [[Queen Otohime]]
			- Class: archer or caster
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: for the people of Fishman Island to live on the surface and be part of the world above, as well as peace between fishmen and humans
		- Fisher Tiger
			- Class: saber, archer, assassin, or berserker
			- Catalyst: the symbol of the sun pirates
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: justice for fishmen and equality between fishmen and humans
		- [[Rocks D. Xebec]]
			- Class: rider or berserker
			- Catalyst: ?
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: to become king of the world
			- Idk who this guy is but he was terrifying enough that Gold Roger and Garp the Fist had to team up and take him down
		- [[Kuina]]
			- Class: saber
			- Catalyst: wado ichimonji or another graded sword
			- Noble Phantasm: ?
			- Wish: ?
			- summoned as the host body of a servant who is meant to be a tragic character from a folk tale or an amalgamation of the spirits of children who died in pursuit of their dreams or smth tragic like that. Maybe even she is the avatar of the shimotsuki clan themselves. Oh fuck she could be ryuma
		- Joyboy
			- Class: extra class, maybe ruler
		- One of the First Twenty [[Celestial Dragons]]
			- [[Nefertari D. Lili]] of Alabasta
				- did not become a celestial dragon with the other nineteen families and decided to return to Alabasta instead of moving to Mary Geoise
				- she mysteriously vanished on the way back and her younger brother took over as king
				- Earliest carrier of the Will of D.
				- Responsible for the presence of poneglyphs around the world
				- Descendants: Nefertari Cobra, Nefertari Vivi
				- I want her
			- Nerona Imu
				- This is probably Im lets be real
			- Donquixote ancestor from Dressrosa
				- This guy fucking sucked and enslaved the Tontotta tribe and we hate his rancid pussy
				- Descendants: Donquixote Homing, Donquixote Doflamingo, Donquixote Rocinante, Donquixote, Donquixote Mjosgard
			- Guys whose family names are revealed but we dont know if theyre the originals or not
				- Figarland
					- Descendants: Figarland Garling, possibly Uta
				- Manmayer (no named descendants)
				- Jaygarcia
					- Descendants: Jaygarcia Saturn of the Five Elders
				- Marcus
					- Descendants: Marcus Mars of the Five Elders
				- Topman
					- Descendants: Topman Warcury of the Five Elders
				- Ethanbaron
					- Descendants: Ethanbaron V. Nusjuro of the Five Elders
				- Shepherd
					- Descendants: Shepherd Ju Peter of the Five Elders
	- ### Master List
		- Rob Lucci, of Cipher Pol 0
		- Marine Officer
		- Sabo the Revolutionary
		- Blackbeard
		- Random civilian
		- Another pirate or marine officer (Tashigi)
		- Island royal or celestial dragon
	- ### Servant classes/list
		- **Saber:** Shimotsuki Ryuma (Kuina)
		- **Archer:** Queen Otohime
		- **Lancer:** Portgas D. Ace
		- **Caster:** Nefertari D. Lili
		- **Rider:** Rocks D. Xebec
		- **Assassin:** Mont Blanc Noland
		- **Berserker:** Gol D. Roger
	- ### Master/Servant Roster
		- **[[Saber]]:** Shimotsuki Ryuma-Kuina / Tashigi
		- **[[Archer]]:** Queen Otohime / King Stelly
		- **[[Lancer]] :** Portgas D. Ace / Sabo
		- **[[Caster]]:** Nefertari D. Lili / Trafalgar D. Law
		- **[[Rider]]:** Rocks D. Xebec / Marshall D. Teach
		- **[[Assassin]]:** Mont Blanc Noland / Saint Jalmack
		- **[[Berserker]] :** Gol D. Roger / Rob Lucci
	- ### Roster 2.0 (Galaxy Brain)
	  id:: 6682a292-fd9f-4a5c-a90d-81e0e50d15d5
		- **Saber:** [[Shimotsuki Ryuma-Kuina]] / Civilian
			- They r hanging out n having a good time :) being best bros
			- Its gotta be a civilian bc otherwise itd have to be zoro and hes napping rn
		- **Archer:** Queen Otohime / King Stelly
		- **Lancer:** Portgas D. Ace / Sabo
		- **Caster:** [[Nefertari D. Lili]] / [[Trafalgar D. Law]]
			- “My people come first” attitude
			- Law’s adopted dad used to be a celestial dragon and i think he and lili would have similar views abt them
			- I think law would be bad at grail war
		- **Rider:** [[Gol D. Roger]] / [[Tashigi]]
			- She is stubborn and bullheaded like he is. She might be one of the only marines roger would like tbh
			- Hed think shes scrappy and would push her towards freedom and doing whatever she wants forever :)
			- Careful, Tashigi. The expectations of the marines and the world government are all on your shoulders
		- **Assassin:** [[Mont Blanc Noland]] / Celestial Dragon
		- **Berserker:** [[Rocks D. Xebec]] / [[Marshall D. Teach]]
			- Im just making these guys a bigger problem for everybody
	- ### Freak Dynamics
		- What was it about each master that drew forth their servant summoning? What are their goals? How are they similar? What attitudes or views do they both hold? How do they relate to themselves, each other, and the world around them? In what ways do they match each others freak?
		- [[Tashigi]] and [[Ryuma]]/Kuina (Saber)
			- Ough saber…
			- ive got more thoughts dw
		- [[King Stelly]] and [[Queen Otohime]] (Archer)
			- I think these two share a sheer stubborn determination to make things better, but where Otohime wants to make things better for her people, Stelly only wants to make things better for himself
			- Yeah stelly is a wet coward paper bag of a man, and yeah he was a pathetic little shitheel the entire reverie, but he still went there and he still did the damn thing. Yeah he was screaming crying throwing up the whole time but he still chased after opportunities for personal advancement
			- Otohime was also opportunistic this way! She saw opportunities to further her own agenda by making personal connections and building support for her cause to succeed
			- I think if anyone could look at Stelly and see an equal it would be Otohime. And i think she could inspire him to become a better person and a better king
		- [[Sabo]] and [[Ace]] (Lancer)
			- Oh man where do i even begin. Theyre so in sync its fucking stupid
			- Snarling noises. THEM. I cant think abt them for longer than two seconds bc itll take over this entire notes file
		- [[Law]] and [[Nefertari D. Lili]] (Caster)
			- The world government are after their ass so hard for multiple reasons
			- “My people come first” attitude
			- I think law would be bad at grail war
		- [[Blackbeard]] and [[Rocks D. Xebec]] (Rider)
			- The cunts are conspiring, my liege
			- Guy who wants to be king of the pirates at any cost and his new best friend, guy who wants to be king of the world at any cost
		- [[Saint Jalmack]] and [[Noland the Liar]] (Assassin)
			- Torment nexus
		- [[Rob Lucci]] and [[Roger]] (Berserker)
			- Mad dog being made to serve at the behest of yet another mad dog
			- The only thing keeping them from killing each other is the command seals. If it werent for the laws of this holy grail war i would slaughter you
			- They should fuck narsty im so serious. But they never will bc bad dogs dont get treats or whatever
	- ### Master/Servant Pairing Candidates
		- Right so what’s the dynamic? What is going to be narratively interesting? The grail responds to the soul of each master and pairs them accordingly. Servants and masters are usually pretty close in terms of motivations, dreams, ideals, and/or backstory. So try to think about what makes each master and servant similar and how they would work off of each other. Think about how the story of each heroic spirit would affect each servant and how they would be summoned
		- [[Sabo]] (master) / [[Ace]] (lancer)
			- Tragedyyyyy on many fronts. Ill list them all dont tempt me
			- Our protagonists. Obviously
			- I think ace would either be summoned as a 17yr old or as a 20yr old
				- 17yrs old
					- right when he was first setting out and making a name for himself as captain of the Spade Pirates and offered a warlord position (Wano age)
					- would be more likely to have the lead pipe (lance) hanging around
					- Fresh from before the horrors
					- He would definitely be the youngest brother out of himself, sabo, and luffy if summoned this way and he’d fucking hate it bc he’s supposed to be the oldest
					- This is the story of portgas d ace, the man living for himself
				- 20yrs old
					- right before he was caught on Banaro island and sent to Impel Down by Blackbeard
					- Fresh from Marineford
					- This is the story of gol d ace, the heir to rogers bloodline
			- ace who was summoned as the 17yr old rookie captain of the spade pirates, back when he was offered the title of warlord of the sea, back when he challenged the strongest man in the world to a fight, back when all he wanted was to know whether or not it was good thing that he was alive
			- Its sad as fuck but also hilarious bc ace goes from oldest brother to youngest in one fell swoop. Sabo is 22 and luffy is 19 at this point
				- Ace is the baby brother now. He hates it so bad
			- This story only ends with Ace dead again bc hes a GHOST hes ALREADY GONE and SABO CANT HAVE HIM BACK
				- Unless. :)
		- [[Blackbeard]] (master) / [[Rocks D. Xebec]] (rider)
			- Yeha uh this would be extremely fuckinf terrifying as a master/servant combo. Just like bad news all around
			- Guy who wants to be king of the pirates at any cost and his new best friend, guy who wants to be king of the world at any cost
			- Maybe i should look into the other blackbeard pirates. Maybe one of them would be more interesting to have as a master. Blackbeard seems like a lot :/
				- NEVERMIND THOUGHT ABT THE COOL NARRATIVE STAKES BEHIND ROGER AND ACE TEAMING UP TO TAKE DOWN XEBEC. THIS TEAMUP FUCKING RULES
		- [[Rob Lucci]] (master) / [[Gol D. Roger]] (berserker)
			- oooooouugh they would be such a problem. Lucci is keeping roger on a TIGHT leash
			- I love the idea that roger is being used by the world government in an attempt to end the great pirate era rhat roger started in the first place
				- Theyre using the berserker madness to turn roger into the monster that the stories and the government propaganda made him out to be
			- Lucci can still communicate with roger tho. Not sure what that says abt lucci
				- yes i am it means hes berserker levels of crazy. Dont look at me
			- Bc on the one hand its interesting as hell to think abt gold roger, the king of the pirates, being forced to serve under a master affiliated with the world government or the marines. But its *also* interesting to think about *who* would be the master to bring him to heel
		- [[Tashigi]] (master) / [[Shimotsuki Ryuma]] (Kuina) (saber)
			- This sucks for Zoro personally
			- They are two swordswomen who want to be the best and they’re striving to better their own skills
				- They would play off of each other really well and would push each other to be better
				- I think Kuina would inspire Tashigi to fight more for her own sake
			- Tashigi my love i adore you but on GOD we are going to get you a personality that doesnt involve following smoker around.
				- Maybe smoker is following her around and following her lead for once. Thatd be neat
			- Kuina is the spirit of Shimotsuki Ryuma, but she could also be the combined spirits of all other unknown and unnamed swordsmen (maybe of the Shimotsuki clan or maybe in general) who died in obscurity
				- Shes very much Shimotsuki Ryuma, but shes still Shimotsuki Kuina. Balancing the souls of the man who was the greatest swordsman ever and the girl who wanted to be the greatest swordsman in the world but died before she ever had the chance to pursue that path is going to be fun
				- Just like Tashigi balancing her own dreams alongside her role as a Marine officer
			- THIS WHOLE THING IS A POWERPLAY BY [THE WORLD GOVERNMENT]([[The World Government]])
				- Tashigi is loyal enough to the marine cause that she likely will play ball with someone like akainu, but expendable enough that they dont mind killing her and having someone else take her command spells to ensure victory in the holy grail war
				- Lot of tension between Tashigi and saber at first because Tashigi wants to uphold the marines and saber thinks its a load of horseshit and should study the blade instead
					- Saber hates being ordered around. She fucking hates it. She only works with Tashigi because Tashigi is nice and feeds her
				- BUT when Tashigi realizes that she wants to fight for herself instead of the Marines, then she, smoker, and saber have to face the wrath of the world government and their pet pirate king. Uh oh
		- [Random Celestial Dragon]([[Saint Jalmack]]) (master) / [[Mont Blanc Noland]] (assassin, caster, or archer)
			- Noland has to relive his tragic backstory of a being forced to lead a king to a legendary treasure and dying at the hands of that same king when he falls short through no fault of his own all over again and hes gonna be miserable the entire time
				- Also, the guy was a bit of a colonist so of course he gets paired with the stupid colonizer king
			- He deserves better. But not this time
			- The celestial dragon has sooo much to prove. He was told it was a bad idea but he wants the grail so bad. He was to boost his own status and prove his own capabilities and like, hes a celestial dragon! He should get whatever he wants forever, right? (No)
			- HEY WASNT IT A CELESTIAL DRAGON WHO SHOT SABO IN THE FACE??
				- Saint Jalmack
		- Random civilian (master) / either [[Queen Otohime]] (caster or archer) or [[Nefertari D. Lili]] (caster)
			- I just think that the random ass civvy should be paired with one of the great queens — either the fishman queen fighting to bring unity between her kingdom and the world above, or the one member of the First Twenty who turned down the title of Celestial Dragon and ensured the presence of the poneglyphs
				- If Nefertari D. Lili is summoned that is BAD FUCKING NEWS for the poor master bc now the world government (more specifically the world government and their berserker king) are AFTER THEIR ASS
				- Would definitely ally with Sabo and Ace for protection
			- The master would probably be a young girl who didnt know what she was getting into and just wants to protect her family or her kingdom or something like that
				- If she doesnt have a catalyst to work with she’d need to have an extremely similar story or temperament to her servant
				- If she has a catalyst then how the hell did she get it? If she stole it thats interesting bc that means shes driven and determined, and knew what she was getting into with the holy grail war
			- Hang on who the fuck is York hang on wait just a second—
		- [[Basil Hawkins]] (master) and WHO (?)
			- hawkins is ruthless dude. If i end up not doing a tashigi/kuina combo i think id do hawkins/ryuuma saber. Or give him the caster servant idk
			- Nah hed have an archer servant fir sure
			- Maybe he wouldnt compete idk. He doesnt seem to have a concrete goal and he seems like hed know enough about the grail to keep well away from it
		- Akainu or whoever amd WHO
		- [[King Stelly]] and WHO. Wait. [[Otohime]]. She instills a fuckign backbone in this boy
			- Like for instance. The kid that sabo’s parents adopted to replace him and who went on to become the king of island and grew up to be a sniveling power hungry little coward. What if that guy was a master. And what if he summoned one of the greatest and most beloved queens of the era as his servant. What if he faced his adopted brother on the field of battle and realized that there was no way he could have measured up to him. And what if he was so humbled in the face of both that and his servant’s sheer passion, determination, and genuine care for everyone around her, that he decided to become a better king for his people and a better man for himself. What then, huh?
			- King Stelly of the Goa Kingdom is going to get the fate/zero Waver Velvet treatment so fucking help me
		- Koby n queen otohime yes wait not koby doesnt need the grail hes not involved sorrh
- ## Story shit
	- ### Alliances
- ## Freak Death Order
	- Who!! Is!!! Dying!!! First!!!! What the fuck is going on!!!! Grah!!!
		- One
		- Two
		- Three
		- Four
		- Rider — killed in battle by Lancer and Berserker
		- Six
		- Seven
	- ### Notes dump
		- Whta if spandam took berserkers command seals from lucci or smth
- ## Okay who’s dying first
	- Right okay what were the death orders in fate/stay night and other shit. I need this for research. Who died first and when and why and how etc etc fuckin etc
	- ### Fate/Stay Night
		- Fuckig uh.
		- #### Fate
			- Emphasizes plot and world building. The main theme is “oneself as an ideal”
				- Rider — killed by Saber
				- Archer — killed by Berserker in a last-ditch effort to let Rin and Shirou escape
				- Berserker — killed by Shirou and Saber when Shirou projects Saber’s noble phantasm
				- Assassin — killed by Saber
				- Caster — killed by Gilgamesh
				- Lancer — killed by Gilgamesh
				- Gilgamesh — killed by Saber’s noble phantasm in battle with Saber and Shirou
				- Saber — disappears after Shirou uses his final command spell to order her to destroy the holy grail
			- **Winner:** Saber
		- #### Unlimited Bladeworks
			- Places the greatest emphasis on character development and themes. The main theme is "struggling with oneself as an ideal"
				- Rider — killed by Caster’s master
				- Berserker — killed by Gilgamesh in his assault on the Einzbern manor
				- Caster — killed and betrayed by Archer during her battle with Shirou and Rin
				- Lancer — ordered by command seal to kill himself in the church basement
				- Archer — “killed” by Gilgamesh after Shirou defeats him in battle
					- He manages to stay hidden up until the final battle, after which he disappears
				- Saber — disappears after Rin uses a command spell to order her to destroy the grail
				- Gilgamesh — killed by Archer and consumed by the grail after Shirou defeats him in battle
			- **Winner:** Saber
		- #### Heaven’s Feel
			- Covers most of the lore and backstory behind the war, and is more focused on the masters, and how they relate to the previous grail war and the true nature of the grail itself. The main theme is "the friction with real and ideal"
				- Assassin — killed by True Assassin
				- Caster — killed by True Assassin
					- Her corpse is puppetted around by Zouken and later devoured by the shadow during a battle with Rin and Shirou (after Lancer dies)
				- Lancer — killed by True Assassin’s noble phantasm and consumed by the shadow
				- Saber — consumed by the shadow
					- Saber returns as Saber Alter
				- Berserker — devoured by the shadow
					- He is later defeated by Shirou (after Archer dies)
				- Archer — critically wounded by Saber Alter and then dies after replacing Shirou’s missing left arm with his own
				- True Assassin — absorbed by Sakura
				- Saber Alter — killed by Shirou during her battle with Shirou and Rider
				- Rider — was incarnated after Illya performed the Heaven’s Feel ritual and destroyed the grail
			- **Winner:** Rider
	- ### Fate/Zero
		- Assassin — killed by Rider’s noble phantasm during the banquet of kings at the Einzbern manor
		- Caster — killed by Saber, Rider, Lancer, and Archer in the battle on the river
			- His master was assassinated by Kiritsugu prior to his own death
		- Lancer — ordered by command seal to kill himself during his battle with Saber
		- Rider — killed by Archer’s noble phantasm during his charge on the bridge
		- Berserker — killed by Saber
		- Saber — died after her master used his final two command seals to make her use her noble phantasm to destroy the grail, defeating Archer in the process
		- Archer — was incarnated in the blast when the grail was destroyed
		- **Winner:** Saber