description:: a collection of research rabbit holes I've gone down
tags:: list

- ## Formats
	- Page title: `Research/Month DD, YY – Subject`
	- Citations: Chicago Notes and Bibliography style
		- Note notation only
- ## Chicago Reference
  collapsed:: true
	- ### Style Guides
		- [The Chicago Manual of Style](https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/home.html)
			- [Notes and Bibliography: Sample Citations](https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/tools_citationguide/citation-guide-1.html)
			  collapsed:: true
				- Chicago-Style Citation Quick Guide
		- [How to Cite a Research Paper in 2024: Citations Style Guide](https://research.com/research/how-to-cite-a-research-paper) – Research.com
			- Section title: Chicago/Turabian Style Citation Guide
		- [Chicago/Turabian Style Guide](https://www.easybib.com/guides/citation-guides/chicago-turabian/) – EasyBib
	- ### Specific Examples
		- [How to Cite a Foreign Language Sources in APA, MLA, or Chicago](https://www.easybib.com/guides/citation-guides/how-do-i-cite-a/how-to-cite-a-source-in-a-foreign-language/) – EasyBib
		- [Blog - Chicago Referencing Guide](https://aut.ac.nz.libguides.com/c.php?g=685064&p=5479174) – AUT Library
			- Blog posts and comments on blog posts
		- [Citing an Individual Document from a Website or Part of a Website](https://towson.libguides.com/chicagonotesbibliography/websites) – Towson University, Albert S. Cook Library
			- If “last modified” date for web document is not shown, in its place, use the term  “accessed” followed by the date you viewed the document.
	- ### See also
	  collapsed:: true
		- Turabian Style: *A Manual for Writers of Research Papers, Theses, and Dissertations* by Kate L. Turabian
- ## Abstracts
	- An abstract is a summary of the your entire scientific paper
		- Specifies the major things that happen in your paper, whether or not you found out if your hypothesis was correct or not, the name of the methods you used to test it, a little bit of background on why you're doing this, etc
		- Cris Rienton, verbal communication to author, July 16, 2024
	- ((66971673-80c9-48d8-8b94-757e0e0580da))
		- Definition and Purpose
			- An abstract is a short summary of a research paper
				- Usually about a paragraph long (6-7 sentences, or 150-250 words long)
			- Serves multiple purposes
				- Lets readers get the gist of the paper or article quickly to decide whether or not to read the full paper or article
				- Prepares readers to follow detailed information, analyses, and arguments in the full paper article
				- Helps readers remember key points from the paper or article
				- Used to identify key terms for indexing published papers
			- Should be intelligible on its own without the reader having to read the entire article
				- References are to be cited in the body of the paper, not in the abstract
				- Meant to be a description of what you studied, what you found, and what you argue in the paper or article
		- Contents of an Abstract
		  collapsed:: true
			- Abstracts typically contain most of the following kinds of information
				- Context or background information for your research
					- General topic under study
					- Specific topic of your research
				- Central questions or the statement of the problem being addressed
					- What's already known about this question
					- What previous research has done or shown
				- Main reasons, rationale, and/or goals for your research
				  collapsed:: true
					- Why is it important to address these questions?
					- Are you examining a new topic?
					- Why is that topic worth examining?
					- Are you filling a gap in previous research?
					- Are you applying new methods to take a fresh look at existing ideas or data?
					- Are you resolving a dispute within the literature in your field?
				- Research and/or analytical methods
				- Main findings, results, or arguments
				- Significance or implications of your findings or arguments
			- In some cases, some of this information is implied, rather than stated explicitly
		- Types of Abstracts
			- Social Sciences
				- Studies the social and cultural aspects of human behavior
				- Verb tenses used
					- Present tense: used to describe general facts and interpretations that have been and are currently true, the methods, findings, arguments, and implications of the findings from the new research study
					- Past tense: used to describe previous research
				- Structure
					- Introduce the topic under study and imply the question underlying the research study (1 sentence)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- Explain what previous research has demonstrated and provide a rationale for new research (2-3 sentences)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- The data, research, and analytical methods used in the new study (1 sentence)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- The major findings, implications, and significance of the study (2-3 sentences)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Humanities
				- Studies the individual, cultural, societal, and experiential aspects of human society and culture
				- Verb tenses used
					- Past tense: used to describe completed events in the past
					- Present tense: used to describe what is happening in texts being referenced, to explain the significance or meaning of those texts, and to describe the arguments presented in the article
				- Structure
					- Introduce the context for the research, and announce the topic under study (1 sentence)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
					- Other essential information for this article (5-6 sentences)
					  logseq.order-list-type:: number
						- Implied research questions
						  logseq.order-list-type:: number
						- The argument and significance of this analysis on a smaller scale
						  logseq.order-list-type:: number
						- Imply what previous historical research has obscured
						  logseq.order-list-type:: number
						- Imply the methods used to interpret the texts being studied
						  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- Science
				- Verb tense
					- The **science** samples (Samples 3 and 4) below use 
					  the past tense to describe what previous research studies have done and the research the authors have conducted, the methods they have followed, and what they have found. In their rationale or justification for their research (what remains to be done), they use the present tense. They also use the present tense to introduce their study (in Sample 3, “Here we report . . .”) and to explain the significance of their study (In Sample 3, This reprogramming . . . “provides a scalable cell source for. . .”).
				- Structure
					- Sample Abstract: *Reporting a new method for reprogramming adult mouse fibroblasts into induced cardiac progenitor cells*
						- Image/citation from site
						  collapsed:: true
							- Lalit, Pratik A., Max R. Salick, Daryl O. Nelson, Jayne M. Squirrell, Christina M. Shafer, Neel G. Patel, Imaan Saeed, Eric G. Schmuck, Yogananda S. Markandeya, Rachel Wong, Martin R. Lea, Kevin W. Eliceiri, Timothy A. Hacker, Wendy C. Crone, Michael Kyba, Daniel J. Garry, Ron Stewart, James A. Thomson, Karen M. Downs, Gary E. Lyons, and Timothy J. Kamp. “Lineage Reprogramming of Fibroblasts into Proliferative Induced Cardiac Progenitor Cells by Defined Factors.” *Cell Stem Cell*, vol. 18, 2016, pp. 354-367.
							- https://writing.wisc.edu/wp-content/uploads/sites/535/2019/08/Abstract-3.png
					- The first sentence announces the **topic** under study, summarized what's already known or been accomplished in **previous research**, and signals the **rationale and goals are for the new research and the problem** that the new research solves: How can researchers program fibroblasts into iCPCs?
					- The **methods** the researchers developed to achieve their goal and a description of the **results**.
					- The **significance** or **implications** –for drug discover, disease modeling, and therapy– of this reprogramming of adult somatic cells into iCPCs.
				- A Structured Abstract
					- Note: This journal requires authors to organize their abstract into four specific sections, with strict word limits
					  collapsed:: true
						- Wald, Ellen R., David Nash, and Jens Eickhoff. “Effectiveness of Amoxicillin/Clavulanate Potassium in the Treatment of Acute Bacterial Sinusitis in Children.” *Pediatrics*, vol. 124, no. 1, 2009, pp. 9-15.
					- **Objective** (2 sentences)
					  collapsed:: true
						- The role of antibiotic therapy in managing acute bacterial sinusitis (ABS) in children is controversial.
						- The purpose of this study was to determine the effectiveness of high-dose amoxicillin/potassium clavulanate in the treatment of children diagnosed with ABS.
					- **Methods** (6 sentences)
					  collapsed:: true
						- This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
						- Children 1 to 10 years of age with a clinical presentation compatible with ABS were 
						  eligible for participation.
						- Patients were stratified according to age (<6 or ≥6 years) and clinical severity and randomly assigned to receive either amoxicillin (90 mg/kg) with potassium clavulanate (6.4 mg/kg) or placebo.
						- A symptom survey was performed on days 0, 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20, and 30.
						- Patients were examined on day 14.
						- Children’s conditions were rated as cured, improved, or failed according to scoring rules.
					- **Results** (8 sentences)
					  collapsed:: true
						- Two thousand one hundred thirty-five children with respiratory complaints were screened for enrollment; 139 (6.5%) had ABS.
						- Fifty-eight patients were enrolled, and 56 were randomly assigned.
						- The mean age was 6630 months.
						- Fifty (89%) patients presented with persistent symptoms, and 6 (11%) presented with nonpersistent symptoms.
						- In 24 (43%) children, the illness was classified as mild, whereas in the remaining 32 (57%) children it was severe.
						- Of the 28 children who received the antibiotic, 14 (50%) were cured, 4 (14%) were improved, 4(14%) experienced treatment failure, and 6 (21%) withdrew.
						- Of the 28 children who received placebo, 4 (14%) were cured, 5 (18%) improved, and 19 (68%) experienced treatment failure.
						- Children receiving the antibiotic were more likely to be cured (50% vs 14%) and less likely to have treatment failure (14% vs 68%) than children receiving the placebo.
					- **Conclusions** (2 sentences)
					  collapsed:: true
						- ABS is a common complication of viral upper respiratory infections.
						- Amoxicillin/potassium clavulanate results in significantly more cures and fewer failures than placebo, according to parental report of time to
						  resolution.