- **Fate/Free Reign** is a crossover between One Piece and Fate/Stay Night where the characters from One Piece battle against each other as Masters and Servants, using the Holy Grail War framework from Fate/Stay Night
	- Grand Line Holy Grail War
- The title is a pun on the phrase "free rein"
	- Free rein, meaning "unrestricted liberty of action or decision"
	- Free, because freedom is the most important theme of One Piece
	- Reign, as in the reign of a king, because Luffy's goal is to become King of the Pirates
- This is hilarious actually bc a holy grail war is so antithetical to One Piece as a whole. The straw hats wouldn’t get involved in it at all if they could help it, because using the holy grail as a shortcut would render luffy’s journey towards becoming king of the pirates absolutely meaningless. Luffy refuses to take shortcuts, and his crew by extension refuses them as well. The only reason why the straw hats would get caught up in a holy grail war would be to help an accidentally summoned servant or a masterless servant fulfill their own wish. Then Luffy would be on board no questions asked. He wouldn’t want to make a contract with them, though. Someone else would have to do that.
- Now, Luffy is an outlier here with that kind of attitude, but he is the protagonist and his ideals rub off on the people he meets. A lot of characters would turn down the holy grail’s mana reservoir for similar reasons as him. That leaves the characters who are conniving, power hungry, and willing to use whatever shortcuts or strategies available to achieve their dreams. The issue there is figuring out who amongst those would: a) not be dead or in jail, b) know about the holy grail war ahead of time, and c) have the resources to pull off a summoning.
- Aside from the masters are the servants themselves. One Piece has a lot of history and folk lore, but a lot of that history is either very recent (with the people involved still being alive) or far enough back that names have been lost. Its really cool and extremely frustrating for my specific purposes. Also, I haven’t actually caught up on everything yet so I’m still missing some context. Anyway.
- Nobody in this war is going to have a good time. Im going to make sure of it :)
- The celestial dragons are doing a holy grail war
	- **Me:** man, why the fuck would the celestial dragons even want a holy grail anyway
	  **Type-Moon’s dense asfuck lore:** oh yea no the grail wasnt meant for granting wishes. I mean, it does grant wishes, but its true purpose is to burn a hole in reality and give the mage who wins the holy grail war access to the Root of the world (aka truth of the universe) so they can either gain godlike abilities or become gods themselves
	  **Me:** ah. So thats why