alias:: Reference/Fate/Holy Grail
description:: what the fuck is the holy grail anyway!!!!

- Holy Grail is a legendary artifact said to grant any wish of whomever claims it
- **Holy Grails** are wish-granters using the foundation of the Christian holy relic that received the blood of Christ. There have been many artifacts claimed to be the genuine article, at least 726 of which were investigated by the Holy Church, and many conflicts for such artifacts have happened around the world throughout history.
	- The name is utilized in the various Holy Grail Wars as the name of an artifact purportedly capable of granting any wish to whomever comes to claim it, rather than the real artifact, though the Church often gets involved simply because of that reason. Its advent is the ultimate goal of the various Holy Grail Wars.
	- Each Holy Grail is in effect a mass of pure Magical Energy, which reacts to the wishes of the one who holds it in order to grant them; however, on their own they are not capable of generating true miracles without outside intervention. Left alone, they enter a purely reactive state, although they can spontaneously summon Servants as a defense mechanism should they be placed in abnormal situations like those encountered in the Grand Orders. As a rule, they do not take a physical form but can manifest in a variety of shapes depending on the circumstances of their formation.
	  id:: 6688a589-a16d-4200-994a-3d705bc38a1e
- The Greater Grail was designed to reach the Root, it is a system that has been designated as a Holy Grail for the purpose of serving as the foundation of the Holy Grail War system.
- The Greater Grail is the gateway linked to the Root and the ultimate prize for the Fuyuki Holy Grail War, and is in essence, a wishing machine. Known as the core world, the **Grail of Heaven**, the core of the Grail was formed by Justeaze Lizrich von Einzbern, who continues to remain at its centre. The creation of the Great Grail was done so under the supervision of Kischur Zelretch Schweinorg, the teacher of the three founders of the war, Justeaze, Makiri Zouken, and Nagato Tohsaka
	- The magic circle of the Greater Grail is inscribed upon the land managed by the Tohsaka family in Fuyuki City. Located in the great cave underneath the Ryuudou Temple on Mount Enzou, it consists of a series of seals carved around above 50 meters of bare rock. It is the most ideal location for the Holy Grail to be summoned, though three other locations also exist should the location at Mount Enzou be unavailable: the Tohsaka residence, Fuyuki Church, and Fuyuki Central Park.
	- The Greater Grail itself is a system, and the Holy Grail is the key to start it up. The Greater Grail does not have a will and Justeaze’s soul was completely sublimated when she sacrificed herself for the ritual.
	- While the Holy Grail collects the souls of the Servants, the Greater Grail uses the energy to open a gateway. Though the Lesser Grail is forcibly destroyed by Saber under the command of her Master, Kiritsugu Emiya, its corrupted contents spill from the Greater Grail in the form of black mud.
	- For the Holy Grail Wars, the Greater Grail is what selects the Masters and invites Heroic Spirits, setting them in the Servant class system.
	- After picking a Master from each of the three founding families (the Einzbern, Matou, and Tohsaka), it preferably picks Masters who earnestly want it, although it is possible to have irregulars, like Kirei Kotomine in the fourth Holy Grail War, who has no sense of purpose except seeking destruction and evil acts.
- The Holy Grail's power comes from absorbing the souls of the heroic spirits who died in the war.
- The Holy Grail of the Fuyuki Holy Grail Wars of Fuyuki City appears at the end of the war to grant the final Master and Servant pair a wish on the Greater Grail, the true device that has the power to grant wishes. Because it is only a vessel to summon the Greater Grail, it is known as the **Lesser Grail**.
	- What is handed down in the city of Fuyuki is not the one that received 
	  the blood of the Christ, but the prototype of an even more ancient 
	  "omnipotent container"; this container is the 726th Grail that sticks to the legend of the name. It is a gate that leads to the Root, Akasha; a hole connected to the nuclear core, the **Greater Grail**, a wish machine - the key to startup the Great Grail. It is not an omnipotent container, but a replica created to work like a "wish machine" that can bring forth one's own will.
- ## Wish Granting
	- It is, however only a clump of magical energy and thus is not as 
	  omnipotent as people believe it to be, so wishing for something like 
	  "Saving the World" without specifying a working method will not suffice. Even if someone lacks power or wealth, the Grail can possibly carry out such a wish if they knew "the method of Saving the World." Kiritsugu Emiya, knowing only the practice of "sacrificing few for the benefit of many", was shown such a vision of "what would happen if the World was saved", though the corruption caused him to be shown the most malicious imagery of his "saved world." Had he followed through with it, the Grail would have certainty done as it showed him. Ultimately, it can only amplify the scale of realization of wishes 
	  within working methodologies and is incapable of granting true miracles.
- ## Pathway to the Root
	- Servants that get killed return to being a "piece of energy" and 
	  disappear from the time axis, but the Grail (container) created by the Einzberns is here to temporarily stop that and store them. When the Holy Grail goes into hibernation, it puts its accumulated mana into storage. When 7 Servants are present, their spiritual cores will be released, and the Heroic Spirits’ bodies will disappear from this world. The cores alone will then return to the Throne of Heroes. Once the vessel is filled with energy, the Greater Grail can start the ritual that will open a "hole" to the Root.
	- To open a way to the swirl of the Root, the Grail needs to 
	  sacrifice all seven Servants to start up the Greater Grail, but six 
	  Servants are enough if the wish is within the limits of the world.
- Quotes from the visual novel
	- Only one person can possess it. The Holy Grail can only grant one wish for one person. Despite that, seven mages are needed to summon the Grail to this land.
		- Seven collaborators to create one miracle.
		- So, as you might imagine... It was only a matter of time before they started fighting over the Grail.
	- Once the Holy Grail is won, the victorious Master's wish has nothing to do with the Servant. But that's weird. Father mentioned that Servants have their own wishes too, but that's their own business. It shouldn't matter to Archer whether or not I have a wish.
	- "If there's a fight to be had, I just want in, Archer. I'll take whatever I find along the way. I don't really know how the Holy Grail works, but if I find that there's something I want, I can just use it on that. Not all people live to acquire *things*, you know."
		- "Meaning..."
		- "That's right. I'm just fighting to win."
	- "Summoning Heroic Spirits from the past and utilizing them... It is a miracle close enough to the resurrection of the dead that it could be considered magic. A Holy Grail of such power must in turn grant its owner limitless power. When considering the truth of how powerful it is. its authenticity hardly matters."
		- So what he's saying... is that as long as the object possesses power that surpasses the real thing, it doesn't matter whether it's real or fake.
- ### [[Sources]]
	- ((66bfffab-333f-4467-94c2-c44fd0f1c6de))
	- ((6688a490-efa7-4140-aed1-1820f55d362b))