alias:: Reference/Fate/The Root, Akasha
description:: A reference guide to the Root and why it's important

- Known as the Swirl of the Root, [[The Root]], the Akashic Records, or simply Akasha
	- A metaphysical location that exists outside of time and human concepts, and that contains the [[Throne of Heroes]]
		- Also referred to as the "Outside of the World"
	- Acts as the "force" that exists at the top of all theories in every dimension and the source of all events and phenomena in the universe
	- Stores and archives information of all events, possibilities, thoughts, words, emotions, and intent to have ever occurred in the past, present, and future of the world
		- An aggregation of the desire-based thought-forms[^1] of every human person throughout all time
			- Extremely difficult for a regular person to tell the difference between what is an actual experience and what is a projection based on imagination, strong wishes, and keen desire
		- Could be referred to as humanity's collective subconscious, but it's important to note that the Akashic Records record the desires and experiences of all entities and life forms – not just humans
	- The place where all souls, including the souls of Heroic Spirits recorded on the Throne of Heroes, originate from and where they will return after death
- ## Reaching the Root
	- The ultimate ambition of most Magi is to reach the Root, and many of them focus their experiments on discovering a path to it
	- There are two main goals for Magi with this ambition:
		- Acquiring the capacity to perform Magic,
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Touching the Root itself and understanding the "truth" of the universe that it holds
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- Various methods have been used in attempts to reach the Root, either by reaching the pinnacle of a certain concept or by manipulating certain magical systems
		- Ex) The [[Holy Grail War]] uses the power generated by Heroic Spirits returning to the [[Holy Grail]] as a way of making a hole to the Root
	- Once a route has been established and used, it is closed for good and can never be used again
		- If the route isn't entered it can be left open until someone else claims it, after which it closes off for good
		- Functions like a One Time Use Token / single-access token[^2]
	- ### Magic
		- Magic is the highest class of Mystery that surpasses Magecraft and all current sciences of that age
			- It represents the actualization of events that are impossible to reproduce in a certain era, whether by humans or the Planet, even if given an infinite amount of time and resources.
			- The acquisition of the capacity to perform Magic is considered the ultimate accomplishment of a Magus, and only within the grasp of those who have accessed the Swirl of the Root.
		- "Magic" can be differentiated from "Magecraft" in that the consequences of its use are ostensibly "impossible" or "miraculous".
			- A spell that creates fire, even a large blaze, is merely Magecraft, since lighting a match can yield the same effect.
			- Concepts like Time Manipulation, teleportation, spatial warping and quarantine, and the Resurrection of the dead are miracles thought to be possible only through the application of Magic.
			- The Denial of Nothingness, Operation of Parallel Worlds, and Time Travel can all perform Resurrections, but the Resurrection of the dead through conventional methods is something that not even Magic has granted since the days of old.
		- Magic is attained by reaching the Swirl of the Root, but not touching it like those who are said to have disappeared from the World upon touching it.
			- Moreover, in order to acquire Magic, the Magus must be the very first to travel through a specific path to the Root;
			- even if the same theory and method are used to reach the Root, those who came after the first Magus using a certain path cannot acquire Magic.
		- The First Magic and Fifth Magic were the result of reaching the Root, while the Second Magic, Third Magic, and Fourth Magic were meant as a means to reach it.
			- Magic was a goal for many Magi before the creation of the Fifth Magic
	- ### Touching the Root
		- Seeing the Root, touching it and then managing to understand it will 
		  completely erase the meaning of "impossible", granting the magus what some would describe as "the capabilities of God".
			- Needless to say, this is impossible for even the most talented Magi.
		- Those who have touched it directly have never returned to the world.
			- Those who have managed to touch it ceased to exist on the spot, as their human souls are either going back to "where they came from", becoming absorbed into the Root, or something similar.
			- The exact details are unknown, so even Magi who have left their names in history have refrained from touching it.
		- There are also Magicians who have come close to it, but backed away before touching it, like Aoko Aozaki, and Magi who have gotten close to it to stabilize their own Magecraft in a hurry.
			- Aoko believes that it is possible those who end up there "become God" in a sense, so there is no reason for them to come back.
			- It is also possible they cannot come back because "being God" isn't truly such a wondrous event as humans may think.
			- Both those who succeeded and failed touched it and couldn't return to the world.
			- It may be they told people about it is because the first person to become God wanted companions out of loneliness, or that their work on that side was so massive that they needed other companions.
- ### [[Sources]]
	- ((668f3c00-4884-4c0b-a0e6-51d853b96db1))
	- ((6688997d-3208-4279-8d59-a88f9b2e8625))
	- ((6688c07e-c8b2-4228-a447-7c58a793787c))
	- ((6688a00a-7248-49ae-a724-0a6d25aff2d9))
- ### Footnotes
	- [^1]:Thought-form (noun): A manifestation of the thoughts, ideas or emotions of someone – *[wikitionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/thought-form)*
		- Wiktionary contributors, "thought-form," *Wiktionary,* last modified May 2, 2024, https://en.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=thought-form&oldid=79082679
	- [^2]:See also: Jan Brennenstuhl, "Single-Use JWT: Unlocking the Power of Stateless One Time Token," *Brennenstuhl on Security* (blog), last modified April 28, 2023, https://www.jbspeakr.cc/howto-single-use-jwt/