filters:: {"servant skills" true}
alias:: Xebec, Rider, Servants/Rider
tags:: characters, servants, pirates

- ## Servant Information
	- **Master:** [[Marshall D. Teach]]
	- **Class:** Rider
		- **Qualified Classes:** Rider, Berserker
		- **Titles:**
	- **[Catalyst]([[Catalysts]])**
	- **Wish:** to become king of the world
	- #### Servant Statistics
		- **Abilities:**
		  collapsed:: true
			- ((6681c23f-c7d4-4de0-8e09-15af4c3941cc))
			- ((6681f8d6-1b0a-4697-b017-2b5e037a60be))
		- **Skills:**
		- **[[Noble Phantasm]]:**
			- A fleet of ships at his command
			  collapsed:: true
				- Something on-par with a Buster Call
				- Something like Francis Drake’s noble phantasm?
	- #### Legends and Anecdotes
		- *God Valley* – whatever the fuck happened there
		- *Shadow of the Colossus* – Xebec was such a powerful opponent that it took the combined might of [[Gol D. Roger]] and Garp the Fist to defeat him
		- *The Birth of Titans* – Xebec's crew consisted of some of the biggest powerhouses currently in canon: Whitebeard, Big Mom, Kaidou, Shiki the Golden Lion, Captain John, etc
		- *Man of Many Secrets* – Xebec liked to dabble in the subjects that the World Government kept hidden
	- #### Weapons and Abilities
		- sword :)
- Freak Dynamics
	- [[Marshall D. Teach]]
	  collapsed:: true
		- Guy who wants to be king of the pirates at any cost and his new best friend, guy who wants to be king of the world at any cost
		- Team Rider is one of, if not *the* biggest threat in this grail war
			- The other biggest threat is team berserker lol
			- These guys are such a fucking problem for everybody
			- An extremely fucking terrifying as as a master/servant combo. Just like bad news all around
		- Team Rider is already a huge problem. The only thing keeping them from being an apocalyptic-level threat is that they are seconds away from just fucking killing each other
			- The cunts are conspiring [against each other], my liege
			- Thank god they're infighting otherwise we'd all be screwed
				- Clash of egos
				- Blackbeard is the king of biding his time and waiting for his moment, and Xebec is king of fuck it we ball
				- Xebec does NOT want to listen to blackbeard. The only thing keeping his ass in line is the command spells and he is constantly testing blackbeards patience
			- I think xebec is conspiring to kill blackbeard behind his back
				- maybe blackbeard ends up having to order xebec by command seal to kill himself
				- maybe xebec is manipulating events so blackbeard has to use command spells so that he can be free of blackbeard, fucking kill him, and take the grail for himself
			- I gotta look into what makes blackbeard captain. Why do all those criminals follow him anyway?
				- Do you think Xebec would follow him also? My guess is no way in hell
				- I think hes trying to steal blackbeards crew out from under him and do whatever the fuck he wants
					- I should look into those guys
- Summoning info
	- I think that bc Xebec’s story has been so bonked from history, the version of him recorded in the throne of heroes and summoned is an absolutely keyed up version of the guy. Hes a loose fucking cannon and he might as well be a berserker for how goddamn off the wall he is.
	- Can i make this guy adhd? Probably
	- Title — captain of secrets? Strongest of secret keepers?
- Shit from the fanwiki
	- Personality
		- Based on stories of his exploits, Rocks appeared to be an incredibly vicious and ambitious man, having no care as to who he attacked as long as he could garner power for himself and leading his crew to destroy whoever interfered with his ambitions. He was also quite fearless and indiscriminately ruthless, as he had no issue with killing World Nobles or their slaves if it suited his wishes. Rocks' dream was to become the **King of the World**, and he attacked many locations and left mass destruction in his wake to assert his dominance. He was also very curious about subjects that the World Government had kept hidden, resulting in him dabbling in those subjects. According to Whitebeard, Rocks was rather careless in his pursuits, commonly losing sight of the tasks at hand and going off on his own.
	- Enemies (World Government)
		- Rocks' actions were destructive and anarchic enough that the Government considered him akin to a terrorist, meaning many of his feats were not properly recorded in history, causing Rocks to eventually fade from public consciousness save the memory of some veteran Marines and the former members of his crew.
	- Abilities and Powers
		- Although Rocks' individual strength and abilities are unknown, he was well-reputed for presiding over a crew of extremely powerful pirates with clashing personalities and a lack of camaraderie, indicating that he was an extremely powerful and charismatic individual.
		- Aside from raw strength, Rocks seemed to be a very intelligent and knowledgeable man, as, through studying many subjects that were considered taboo, he was able to unravel many of the World Government's secrets, which led the Government to decide to erase his name from history following his defeat.
	- Legacy
		- Many of Rocks' subordinates would go on to become extremely notable pirates, particularly Edward Newgate, Charlotte Linlin, and Kaidou, who became three of the Four Emperors ruling over the New World. Shiki infamously clashed with the Roger Pirates multiple times and became the first documented inmate to escape Impel Down, while Captain John gathered a fabled treasure that's been sought for decades.
		- Rocks' place in history has been considerably diminished in the decades since his death, with many younger Marines being unaware of who he is. According to Sengoku, this lack of knowledge about him is mainly due to the World Government's intervention, as his path resulted in him dabbling in subjects they forbid.
		- Additionally, due to the overall lack of camaraderie within the Rocks Pirates, most of Rocks' past subordinates are not inclined to talk about their time sailing with the crew.
		- Rocks' dream of taking over the world would be revived 38 years after his death, as his former subordinates Kaidou and Linlin decided to put aside their enmity with each other and form a temporary alliance to conquer the world. This revived dream ultimately and quickly fell apart when both Linlin and Kaidou were defeated and eventually replaced as Emperors. In a twist of fate, the one to personally defeat Kaidou was Garp's grandson, Monkey D. Luffy
- See alos
	- [[Research/July 10, 24 – Roche Braziliano]]
	- ((6695ab56-dd57-49ae-8144-6a67c76d7f97))
- ### [[Sources]]
	- ((63b0cdbb-fed1-44f6-9764-209590aa7864))